-----Manual testing instruction-----

// JoinRequestForm
http://localhost:3000/sendJoinRequest:

First name, Last name
validation: input empty
invalid: First name/ Last namee is requried.
valid: Looks good!

Email 
validation: one or more characters that is not white space before @, contains @, one or more characters that is not white space after @, contains .,one or more chatacters that matches is not white space till the end of the str
invalid: Please provide a valid email.
valid: Looks good!

Contact Number
validation: 8 digit
invalid: Please provide a valid contact number.
valid: Looks good!

Admin Number
validation: 7 digit before a alphabet
invalid: Please provide a valid Admin number.
valid: Looks good!

Year of study, Activeness
validation: drop down selection
invalid: Please select year of study/activeness.
valid: Looks good!

Send request button
all form input valid to submit
toast notification successful: Join request sent successfully
admin number already in database: toast notification error "Admin number already registered, try another."(check console for more details)
other errors: toast notification error "Failed to send join request. Try again later."(check console for more details)


// JoinRequest
http://localhost:3000/home:

Home page on load, send api request to mongodb to get join request. 
While waiting for response from data base, display in div loading. 
unsuccessful: toast notification error and display in div "Failed to get join requests. Try again later."
successful: disply the frist and last name of the respective request in cards with accept and reject button.

Clicking on the card will have a popup modal showing the first name, last name, email, contact number, admin number, year of study and activeness

Click on accept in card and popup modalto accept join request
unsuccessful: toast notification error "Failed to accept Join request. Try again later"(check console for more details)
successful: toast notification "success Join request accepted."


